Hi.
We didn't like you re going to see the other use like pen over here line.
So let me show you how this works.
So let me select this line.
If I hold onto shifts it will ask me to.
It will actually guide me to draw a straight line like this.
If I don't hold onto shift I can just create a line in any way that I want.
But as you can see if I hold onto shift it will only create it will only let me to create lines in like
45 degrees or 90 degrees.
OK.
So we're here I can just change the border because I don't have a feel option right now since I'm in
line.
I can increase the size of the line by clicking over here and using my Up Arrow or down arrow in my
keyboard or I can just write whatever I want over here.
If I increase the dashes it will just dash me up over here.
Okay.
And I can even specify the gaps between the dashes as well.
So let's see the other features over here because we have been focusing on the same features in every
view.
So let me make this zero.
And as you can see now I get to change this in a way that I want when I hit the select tool.
So let me come over here and show you something.
If I choose this round cap thing it will round the caps up.
So let me zoom in so you can see it better.
As you can see now I have a round top.
If I choose this or this it will have a sharp edge over here but if I chose this it will have a round
match.
So it's pretty easy to do that.
And now I can get to change this or make it bigger or smaller in in way that I want.
And if I comment and command V I can just copy and paste this using my keyboard.
I can just do something like this to create an X shape for example.
Okay.
And as you can see there there are some guidelines showing media alignment so I can create the exact
same line over here so that I can have an x so that we can create an Amsterdam logo out of.
So right.
So let me do an x and then we're going to copied this three times to have an Amsterdam logo.
For example I can just choose this X and rather than copying and pasting it I'm going to use this grid
think.
And here you go.
Now I have the same max three times so let me just change the color.
We have a beautiful three X Amsterdam logo so you can do stuff like this very easily very interactive.
As you can see.
So does it though beaks is actually very intelligent.
It understands what you're trying to do it's actually guides you to do that as well.
So let me try some other feature called pen.
It's actually very easy to use better but very hard to master because as you can see it actually doesn't
stop after a click or is somewhere it just goes on and on and on.
If I hit escape it will stop.
Of course but it's hard to master it is because you can do shapes like this and you can fill them up.
You can change the color you can change the border in a way that you want but you will be creating you
will be drawing the shape yourself by using this pen.
So if you do something wrong it won't look good.
After that of course you can double click and edit this in a way that you want.
So it's not very hard.
But if you try to do something like this by bending the shapes or changing some points like this and
you you have to be a little bit skilled to do that so that it won't look bad.
So we're here we have some sharp turns or small turns like this if you just choose one of them.
It will try to smooth up these edges smooth up these corners so that we won't have sharp corners like
this.
OK.
So this is like around the captain.
You can just choose it.
So right now we doesn't really show a fact because we have a very small area over here maybe you can
see the difference.
I can't even hardly see it.
But in other shapes you can use this like we did in the round the think OK so you can try this on your
own time to see if it's really makes a difference if it's really makes it smooth or not.
So that's it for Penn and that's it for line.
So we're going to see those examples later on when we practice the skills.
Don't worry.
We're going to stop you right now.
We're going to continue with the next views on the next lecture.